I said my dear mother
How should I punish you?
Du Chen, don't think too much.
You won't believe them.
I'm your little mother.
You've had enough fun.
Seducing an employee in broad daylight
You want to drag me into this?
Du Chen, don't think too much.
We didn't do anything.
did nothing
Still too late to do anything
Du Chen, calm down.
Don't you want to be a slave?
I can help you.
Do you want to help me get rid of Du Feiyun?
Du Feiyun is your brother
How can I get rid of him?
When he dealt with me
Have you ever thought that I am his biological brother?
What are you going to do?
Am I your younger?
Are you hitting the sun?
Help me just this once.
This is what you said
How about pony
My method is pretty good, right?
Gambling idiot you bastard
The soul that was screaming just now is almost gone
Why are you crying now?
Do you want to do it again?
Here is 1 billion
It's enough for you to have no worries about food and clothing for the rest of your life.
Today's incident I passed by and it rained
If you dare to play tricks behind my back again
Be careful, I'm not polite to you
I see
after
I won't get involved in your affairs with Du Feiyun anymore.
This is my good little mom